2.20.0 (3 Aug 21) (#536)
percona/pmm-doc: docs/setting-up/client/index.md

    tar xfz pmm2-client-{{release}}.tar.gz && cd pmm2-client-{{release}}
    ```

5. Choose one of these two commands (depends on your permissions):

    !!! caution alert alert-warning "Without root permissions"
        ```sh
        export PMM_DIR=YOURPATH
        ```
        where YOURPATH replace with you real path, where you have required access.  

        **Node, MySQL and PostgreSQL exporters wont be avalaible.**

    !!! caution alert alert-warning "With root permissions"
        ```sh
        export PMM_DIR=/usr/local/percona/pmm2
        ```

6. Run the installer.

    !!! hint "Root permissions (if you skipped step 5 for non root users)"
        ```sh
        ./install_tarball
        ```

7. Change the path.

    ```sh
    PATH=$PATH:$PMM_DIR/bin
    ```

> 8. Set up the agent (pick right command for you depends on permissions)

Author: ```suggestion
8. Set up the agent (pick the command for you depending on permissions)
```
